----- IN GENERAL -----

Clean up all the code after everything is as it should

Update palette.json to read line "Background color", "Dark mode colors", "Hover/Click colors"

Update color.json overall

Secret preprints, only acessable with password.

Make the type of font editable

Remove title and subtitles all together on the top, but leave a bit of space still.

Some splash of color, header bar of a different color, instead of darker grey.

No white lines on the header bars

Think of a simplified phone version or delete it all together and just a put "Check it on the browser".

No white line on the footer.
Thinner footer and no text

Make the web tab always be just "Francisco Lobo"

----- HOME -----

Home is not fitting screen properly.

Single color static background in home

----- ABOUTME -----

Remove welcome title and subsection overall

Actual software competencies logos

Photo section a bit small

Make the subsections separation line thicker

Make Quantica.jl actually have a link and something that makes it different from the otehrs

----- CURRICULUM -----

Make the subsections separation line thicker.

Make currriculum subtitle shorter: Degrees, Contracts.

Have just welcome, contacts and photos in about me. Anything else to curriculum. 
Research interest should have subitems, each container ocupying the full line.

Research subtitle should instead be 
"Throughout my career, my research has dealt with the following topics:"

Bolsa Mestrado só como "Bolsa de investigação para mestrado"

In Academic Degrees, put the advisors names and link to the work in the publications page! 
Also, maybe put the location on the right side (same for the others)

----- PUBLICATIONS -----

Toggle slider bug

Make the copypaste BibTeX have the right formatting

Logs and Notes need a simple text explaining what they are and that there have errors and are incomplete. 
So, make a container telling that above the results containers would be nice. 
Actually, would be nice to have something that differentiates better between those two, 
maybe a different color toggle or a separeted toggle slider. 
A subtitle saying "Published works" and "Personal works"

Put Books first then Thesis in the publications tab

Make the year slide bar default be the last year.

Put a container like citations that says "X recent citations" that links to something like this:
 https://badge.dimensions.ai/details/id/pub.1189202228/citations. This should be automatic, of course.

----- COLLABORATIONS -----

Remove the clickable pins and square that appears.

Collaborations collaborations still not loading properly from the publications_authors json. 
It should appear as, for example,  "Tiago Antão" as a underlined dotted link to it's google scholar 
profile which is identified by the tag "Antão". 

Make the year slide bar default correspond only to the last last year. 
Also the year slider bar is slighlty misformatted. The one in publication is perfect, I want it like that. 
Well, besides the toggle slider bug that makes the toggle slider go a little bit to the left 
in the toggle bar slider on the left slide.